It's done. It's done.
It's sprouted. It's really sprouted.
It really sprouted, it really sprouted, it sprouted
It can actually be planted
Empress
Your great kindness to Bailing County will never be forgotten in our family.
Empress Empress Empress Empress Empress Empress
The Queen, the Queen, is very kind and virtuous
The family does not have to kneel, I value Zhao, and the country has always put the support of the people first
All this is what I should do.
I hope you can make good use of these seeds
Harvest every year
I hope you all have enough to eat in the future
Thank you Queen
Empress
Isn't the empress a palace concubine who was sent to the plague land by the emperor to die?
I really think I am something
Empress Empress Empress Empress